Hi, guys.
Worker Now an elastic shoe.
We created a function which we called log in, use us.
Then we pass in.
Some fields are going to be needed.
That is the email and password.
Then over here we created a verbal address to store the possible herbs, which is some error account.
Okay.
Then after we created a try and a catch block.
Now, over the tri blog, we created some validation check.
That is, we said if the email and the password is not empty, then only we want to sign in the user
with the email and password.
Then they're going to update the variable to sources, which means that's user spin side and then as
well they're going to press.
You are now logged into the console.
Okay.
Now over here, we are simply saying if the user refuses to fill in the fields, then we want to send
a message to the user, which is these fields must not be empty.
Okay, now in this lecture, they're going to implement this function.
Okay?
Now to do this, I'm getting ready to make this white first.
Then they're going to go to our log in screen.
Okay.
Now, first of all, what you're going to do is you're going to get the value the user is going to type
in to this email fields and this password hint not to do this.
The resultant card test it.
It's a controller.
And I told, you know, I'm right.
So did you do this yourself?
Yes.
I told you to do this.
Okay.
Now, if for any reason you can't do this, it is absolutely fine.
What I believe if we should do this one more time, you're going to be able to grasp the process.
Okay.
Now you need to grab.
The values the user is going to type in.
That is for the email and for the password.
They're going to have to create a variable first and say that variable to what is known as test and
it's a controller.
They are going to find that variable.
So both fields, that means you're going to have to test at.
It's a controller.
Okay, now let's do it.
Okay.
Now there's going to be a finer right.
We can call this or this call email controller.
There's going to be a court to test ads.
It's in comptroller.
Okay.
So this is going to steal the value from the user.
Now, some of the time you kind of word the type, both are just going to give the type.
It is a type of test editor controller.
Okay.
We're going to do the same set for the email sorry for the password to still these a password hardest
to the these of value.
So this is the desktop password controller.
It's going to be quite a test.
It it's Cuadrilla.
Okay.
Then we can also avoid the type or we can just give it type that it is.
It just it it's a controller.
Okay, now we're going to buy this.
The values or sorry are going to bind this variable to those two fields.
Okay.
Now this is the email.
So over here you're going to see a controller.
So in with your butt controller, this is going to be all the score email.
Controller.
Okay, so there's still the value of that inputs.
This is going to type it so.
What they're going to do.
This is for the password.
There's going to be a controller as well.
So it's going to be all this called password.
Then the controller.
Okay, great.
Now, we've asked you to do this.
Okay.
So now over the log in said we have already wrapped the test widget with a button, so it becomes what's
clickable.
If you don't have yours for any reason, you can easily click on this.
A large first year contract that they're going to be called Rapid Switch and then they're going to wrap
it with equal widgets.
Then they're going to tap the old tab.
Okay, great.
So now what they're going to do is.
In order to have access to this.
Log in users we need to first assess two is father and his father is a class called art controller.
Okay so.
First of all, I says the father or the controller.
Art, art, control.
We need to call these spaces into parenthesis to set dots, log end uses.
So this is going to be on this call password.
So this automatically sorry is going to be on this email.
So this is represents the value of write probabilities that type in mark.
So this is going to be Mark Right.
So we're going to set dots test now to get the value of what the user type ain't.
So this is going to be for this call password, right?
Password, then dot test.
Okay, great.
Now.
The problem is we can live with that as is basically it, but we are able to show you a loaded subpoena
in case there is an error.
We want to show the user that that's error.
Now, to do this, they're going to use it if statements if an error statement.
Right.
So if what to do, this is going to be much impossible because we cannot use that is why we're going
to get an error.
So what we can do is we can actually just call this off from year.
Okay.
Then.
We are going to do it this year.
So.
You're.
They're going to create a verbal code.
So it's not a verbal, but a function.
I think you should be doing it to me right now.
Log in.
He is.
Okay.
It's going to be similar to that sign up we did earlier.
First, they're going to pass in the sink because they're going to be using a weight.
So now look at the pace this.
Okay.
Great.
Is Katrina safe?
And that's a a good format.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is you can store this the travel code, where's that is going to wait and the
odds control the log in and out and so on.
Okay.
Now, because it is a type of straight, you can see it once also had the type.
So sometimes you might need to add the type and sometimes you might need not too hard in the type.
Okay, great.
Now, what you're going to do next is they're going to use the statement.
So we're going to say if if if if race is not equal to.
Sussex.
That's is.
The sign.
The sign in the notes went well.
Okay, sorry.
If stress is not equal to success, then there was an error and we want to return that error to the
user.
So we're going to say written.
Retard, retard, retard show.
Capital is within.
We didn't create that as a capital letter.
So this is going to be written shows that LA is going to take the risk.
That is the era.
Now.
We are having an issue with this contest.
Does not define is not defined nine.
That's is to get rid of this.
What we can do is we are going to provide this widget to states for widgets.
Already you can see the state less widgets.
So we are going to use control and does convert to state for widgets.
Probably you got that error as well.
But is how to solve it.
But at least he tried not to get to this point.
Congrats.
Okay.
So if there is an error, we are going to do this else.
Really we don't have to do anything because they're going to log into user to the next page, probably
the home page.
So I think this is basically it's okay.
So you just say do do nothing for now.
We don't want.
Okay.
We're just going to leave it that way.
Now we're going to leave this field empty there.
Try to log in.
Okay.
Now, you can see we are making almost the same mistake.
We have not called this function.
Okay.
So now we're going to go to that.
Face.
That is a log in box in.
This is where.
Okay because Australia does get rid of all this.
Then you can see the log in.
Use this, okay.
Get rid of this.
You can't.
You cannot.
Okay.
Now let's try this.
Now field's empty.
Okay, please.
Fields must not be empty.
Okay.
Now what you're going to do if you have forgotten the accounts you create.
You can also just create a new one now.
Then you can try this yourself.
I'm already percent sure that there's going to be no issue.
So you can just try it out yourself.
Then you're going to go check your.
The book also I think is a good great.
If the user has been successfully logged in, that is with updates to your TiVo console that you are
now logged in.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, now you're going to do one more test for me before close this lecture.
What's it going to do is now correctly.
Sometimes when the user click a log in, it's going to take some time.
Right.
These I might not know what is going on if the account has to log in or not.
So what they're going to do is you're going to create a log in a loading spinner.
So to show the user that.
The account is being logged in, so that's what they're going to do.
So now do this in the last picture.
We're going to see you guys see this lecture.